Hibernation controller documentation update (#2445)
openshift/hive: docs/hibernating-clusters.md

to ensure we are not introducing an additional security exposure.

#### Resuming from a Hibernating State

> The unreachable controller tracks the reachability of a cluster and is responsible for updating the ClusterDeploymentConditionType accordingly.
> 
> Once a cluster hibernates and stops responding, the unreachable controller sets the ClusterDeploymentConditionType to the UnreachableCondition:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The unreachable controller tracks the reachability of a cluster and is responsible for updating the `Unreachable` status condition accordingly.

Once a cluster hibernates and stops responding, the unreachable controller sets the `Unreachable` condition's `Status` to `True`.
```

...and I don't think we need the code paste.

```go
const (
	// UnreachableCondition indicates that Hive is unable to establish an API connection to the remote cluster.
	UnreachableCondition ClusterDeploymentConditionType = "Unreachable"
)
```

> Once the cluster resumes, the unreachable controller unsets the condition and the hive controllers are free to resume syncing.

Reviewer: sets the condition to `False`?
